The Grandmaster

                   Wong Kar-Wai seems only concerned about his irritating aesthetics in this hugely unfocused mess that even includes a useless narration and inexplicably irrelevant characters like The Razor - not to mention the use of a theme from Once Upon a Time in America for no clear reason.

                   The cinematography, no matter what the screenplay is like, how the acting is, or even if the direction was awful, really sold me on this film. Everything technical needs to be praised before any negativity, because this films' visuals will blow your mind. I could not look away from the screen at any moment during the fight sequences, because the choreography and camera work was so beautiful and deserves it's Oscar nomination. Now on to the story. It is a very well-told and well-paced screenplay, but the film is a lot of style, and seems like it overshadows everything. To me, it took me out of the film's messages a bit, but that is always why it has it's nomination, so it's a bit of a tug of war. The acting is very good and the direction is not bad, although it seems he left it up to the cinematographer to plan the action sequences for him. At it's core, this film centers the Ip Man, who would move onto his later years after this film, to be Bruce Lee's trainer. I will definitely recommend this film to people who enjoy true stories or martial arts, but I think that is as far as it will reach. I really enjoyed watching this film though!

                   the storytelling was disjointed, the locations limited, and the characters were dull and underdeveloped.  this film suffered from a lack of awareness of time and environment.  however it was saved by some stunning fight sequences and solid performances.  overall, solid watching but missed a chance to be great.

                   [img]http://images.rottentomatoes.com/images/user/icons/icon14.gif[/img]
Dangerous Liaisons
2046

                   An intoxicating and satisfying loose sequel to the brilliant "In the Mood for Love." Wai manages to tap into that same tonal vein as the predecessor. But rather than exploiting an old feeling, he manages to breathe new life in it, which is one of the highest praises that I can give a sequel. The acting is superb as well with Maggie Cheung and Zhang Ziyi really delivering outstanding performances. 
I don't recommend watching this as a stand alone picture as I think one would find it hard to care about Tony Leung's character without knowing what took place in the previous film.
Put 2046 in the end of your Wong Kar Wai marathon. It isn't his best, but is great for fans who want to spent a little more time with a characters they came to love so dearly.
As they say in the film, 2046 is a place to recapture lost memories. Wai eloquently does this in 2046 and makes them feel fresh again.

                   Labored and overly fanciful.

                   Except for the visual excellency, this movie sucked at more levels than it worked. Owing to its high IMDb rating and having heard too many positive responses, I decided to check it out. But little did I know that it's going to be a yawn-inducing love story. The movie must be good, but it didn't work out well for me. I can't sit through movies falling under this genre, all the more when they're told in a wannabe-extraordinary way.

                   2046. A number of a hotel room. A place/ year where nothing ever changes. A place from where only one man ever returned. A sci-fiction story called 2047.  A story about love or whatever it is.


The fragmentary shooting is like the story itself: life is a bunch of lost moments and memories, some of we try to hold and keep forever, and love, it end up being a college of idealizations and of what could have been. 
"Love is all a matter of timing. It's no good meeting the right person too soon or too late. If I´d live in another time or place......my story might have had a very different ending". 


Three movies came to my mind: 
 
Chungking Express, for obvious reasons: Faye Wong and Tony Leung Chiu Wai costarting after ten years.  

The Double Life of Veronique (or Kieslowski himself) for the stunning use of colors (specially the green and red) and for the "poetic" focus on gestures. 
And Hirokazu Koreeda´s After Life, where people can choose only one memory to take to eternity. 


</p>
House of Flying Daggers

                   A provincial guardsman goes undercover and breaks a blind swordswoman out of prison to discover the location of a secret society of rebellious assassins. Zhang Yimou's follow up to Hero is a similarly stunning combination of artistic visuals and beautifully choreographed martial arts, but this time he throws an epic story of unrequited love into the mix. The story's format is another favourite of Chinese cinema, that of the undercover cop with divided loyalties, but blended with mythical fantasy and star crossed lovers it plays out almost like The Departed crossed with Romeo And Juliet. This makes for a more complex character dynamic than that of Hero and therefore a more engaging story, although it does suffer similarly to the previous film in that it can feel like the plot is just a series of excuses for yet another visually glorious set piece. For that reason Zhang is probably once again guilty of style over substance, but what style it is. Addendum: I cannot recommend the Blu Ray release as the picture quality is little better than the DVD, which is a real shame considering the sheer visual beauty of the film.

                   [img]http://images.rottentomatoes.com/images/user/icons/icon14.gif[/img]

                   House Of Flying Daggers is an exquisite and pleasant barrage of colors, music, martial arts, history, and culture underlined by romance and mystery. Creative fight choreography. Splendid photography. Artful cinematography.

                   really pretty crappy, I thought
Hero

                   While I wasn't very much engaged in the story, what really got to me were the insane battle scenes, scenery and overall style of the film. Worth watching.

                   I may not be a giant fan of wuxia, but I can appreciate an insanely detailed &amp; stunningly beautiful film. Narratively speaking, it isn't the most engaging of films. However, it is an exercise in lavish cinematography in which Christopher Doyle does not disappoint. From the fight scene on the lake to the battle in the palace, one cannot help but be swept up in the exquisite color schemes &amp; the stirring shot compositions.

                   A lone warrior enters the palace of his emperor and tells the tale of how he defeated the three most feared assassins in the land. The most obviously striking element of Hero is its sheer visual beauty as it is packed to brimming with stunning costumes, colours and sets and uses the same kind of graceful wirework that we encountered in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. The fight choreography is also beautifully executed making for a very poetic martial arts film. Although clearly languishing in the back seat of Zhang Yimou's concept, the plot is actually a rather interesting hybrid of Rashomon and The Usual Suspects which adds a different twist to the usual "heroic warriors making noble sacrifices" formula of this type of thing. Because Zhang is so concerned with the visuals, the flashback format does mean that we don't really get enough time to get to know the protagonists which means there's little in the way of emotional involvement but as a sheer visual spectacle, Hero is second to none.

                   Inspired by the assassination attempt on the King of Qin in 227 BC, Hero is a visual, emotional, social, and political triumph that overwhelmingly marvels with rhythmic movements, metrical narrative, and picturesque cinematography amplified by a palette of contrasting colors. Overwhelming.
The Road Home (Wo de fu qin mu qin)

                   Finally got round to watching this 15-year-old film.  Very touching, well-directed, sumptuously filmed story of young love.  If you are tired of seeing Chinese films that bring out the worst in people (corruption, abuse of power, greed, injustice), then you should watch this.  I found the plot of The Story of Qiu Ju???????a bit more interesting though, but The Road Home is more beautiful to watch.  Zhang Ziyi is very lovable here.

                   A really sweet, heartwarming, simple sort of love story. Chinese mysticism meets Hans Christian Anderson sugar. Reminds me of my road home.

                   A true Romantic Film Here might even be considered a Chick Flick by some. Its about a man in China who is called home to bury his father, who was the village school teacher, so begins the novel as to how he met the man's mother who was a village girl who fell in love with the teacher at first sight. Not the typical American Love story, its better then that. Got to give it 5 Stars,

                   A simple, gentle but very effective film. Beautifully shot and wonderfully acted The Road Home captures perfectly the sweet melancholy of returning home. A brilliant relationship is brought to life in the most simple ways but they work. A calm and collected film that knows how to tell it's story.
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon

                   Words are not enough for me to express how much I adore this film - a deeply poetic, romantic and compelling experience that has a fantastic cast, a wonderful dialogue, one hell of a great direction and some of the most amazing martial arts scenes I have ever seen in a movie.

                   One of the traps with reviewing cinema outside of the Hollywood mainstream is assuming that difference equates to higher quality. We're so used to the American approach to storytelling and characterisation, with Hollywood-style films being made all over the world, that the second someone comes along with a slightly different approach, we assume that it must have some greater value. This over-valuing can lead to greater misconceptions about the cultures from which such films emanate, leading us to regard as paradigm-shifting art what said culture regards as derivative, third-rate trash.

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon came at a time when American audiences were starting to gain a new-found familiarity with 'Asian' or 'Eastern' cinema. Together with Spirited Away, it was a watershed for bringing Chinese, Japanese and Korean films to greater attention in the West. While you might have cause for debating exactly how ground-breaking it is within its given genre of wuxia, it is still a great film with a well-told story which finds director Ang Lee at the peak of his powers.

I spoke about Lee's directorial style in my review of Life of Pi, for which he eventually won the Oscar for Best Director. With the possible exception of Hulk, Lee has always managed to strike an enviable balance between visual poetry and detailed characterisation. While the narratives in his films aren't always the most complex or profound, he has a knack of continually pulling us back toward the underlying story, where many lesser directors would get lost in the pyrotechnics.

Whatever else is true about it, Crouching Tiger (as it will be known hereafter) is very pretty. Peter Pau, who won an Oscar for his cinematography, fills the screen with natural shades and then lights them in an almost ethereal manner. The way that the greens of the bamboo and Li Mu Bai's sword seem to shimmer beautifully reflects the dream-like quality of Lee's storytelling and the epic, melodramatic feel that he was going for. This is all the more extraordinary given that Pau previously lensed the horror-comedy Bride of Chucky and Warriors of Virtue, a tedious affair noted for its incoherent, blurry action scenes.

Much of the appeal of martial arts films lies in their physicality and choreography. Many people who went to see Enter the Dragon weren't particularly interested in its story - they were simply taken in by how Bruce Lee could move in the fight scenes. Crouching Tiger benefits in this regard by the presence of Yuen Woo-Ping, the same man who choreographed The Matrix trilogy and later lent his talents to Kill Bill.

While the Wachowskis were off experimenting with 'bullet-time', developing the work of Lee's contemporary John Woo, Crouching Tiger takes a more balletic approach. It treats its martial arts like an elaborate dance, in which the violence perpetrated by sword, dart or hand is as much an end in itself as a means towards a more elaborate series of steps. The film almost draws your attention to the fact that many of the moves being performed are physically impossible, prolonging the length of jumps and glides that could only be achieved by highly-skilled wire work.

Of course, it's possible to appreciate the beauty of characters performing impossible stunts as an aesthetic exercise, such as the running and flying through the bamboo. But Lee manages to keep our disbelief suspended by investing so much time in the characters before the really outstanding fight scenes come along. Even if the story is painted in broad, epic strokes, it's strong enough and feels genuine enough that the dramatic scenes matter, whereas in a weaker film they would merely book-end the set-pieces.

A good example of this comes in a conversation between Michelle Yeoh and Zhang Ziyi about halfway through the film. During a conversation about the latter's character getting married, Yeoh deliberately allows a small bowl or dish to fall from the table. Ziyi's character grabs it instantly in mid-air, preventing it from smashing on the floor and demonstrating her great reflexes, unintentionally and perhaps unconsciously. This small but impressive action confirms in Yeoh's mind her suspicions about the identity of the Green Destiny's thief - suspicions which we had entertained for some time, and which turn out to be correct.

This example also illuminates the storytelling technique employed by Crouching Tiger. It is melodramatic, insofar as the characters operate within clearly-drawn archetypes and their character development is reasonably clear from the outset. We can probably guess that the love between Li Mu Bai and Yu Shu Lien is destined to be unrequited, just as the thief's identity can be quickly ascertained by the very deliberate close-up on the eyes. While the plot isn't exactly spelled out for the audience, it is possible to spot most of its major points before they occur.

Many films at this point would fall apart because the characters aren't interesting or appealing enough to rise above their generic limitations - films like The Snows of Kilimanjaro, A Place in the Sun, or to a lesser extent Gojira. But Crouching Tiger uses its restrictions more proactively, using our foreknowledge to justify its emotional arcs all the more. Lee repeatedly uses very tight close-ups to force us to read into the characters' faces, and Zhang Ziyi in particular is very adept at making even the slightest smile or tiniest flicker of her eyes seem deeply meaningful.

Crouching Tiger explores a number of interesting themes which bring a greater depth to these kinds of character interactions. One of its big themes is hidden talent, with talent either hiding in plain sight (Jen Yu) or taking every precaution to stay in the shadows (Jade Fox). The title of the film is a literal translation of the original Chinese, which properly translated refers to "a place full of talented and extraordinary people hidden from view."

Within this is a comment on the manner in which women are underestimated or misjudged. Wuxia films incorporate many elements of chivalry, which traditionally depicts the male protagonists as heroes defending the honour of the women. Jen Yu and Yu Shu Lien both sword-fight, but the former consciously rebels against the accepted order, talking back to seasoned warriors like they were naughty schoolboys. The sequence where she lays waste to dozens of fighters in the inn (along with most of the inn itself) is much more empowering than anything that Tarantino has managed when he has dabbled in martial arts.

The film also examines the dominance of teachers over their students, even when the student shows tremendous ability. Most of the characters have some kind of grudge or burden relating to their masters. Jade Fox was sexually assaulted by her master, which makes her bitter, twisted and hateful of all men. Jen Yu doesn't want to be anybody's servant, rebelling against Jade Fox and longing for the more equal and respectful relationship she enjoyed with Lo in the desert. Li Mu Bai's solemn demeanour comes from his vow to avenge his master's death, with his search for justice ultimately leading to his own untimely end.

There is a recurring motif later in the film relating to poison. Poison is both the method used by Jade Fox to defeat Li Mu Bai and a symbol of her corrupting influence over the young Jen Yu. Li Mu Bai's desire for inner peace and clarity is in stark contrast to the chaotic, scrambled mind of Jade Fox; her actions are impulsive, desperate and cowardly, while his are controlled, effective and noble. It's a film about how passion can lead to destruction, whether by the hand of one's enemies or one's own choices. Jen Yu ends the film by diving off the waterfall, hoping to rejoin Lo; her passions have only brought her death and isolation from her friends, and she can no longer deal with either.

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a great film which successfully conveys the conventions of wuxia to a Western audience. While those more familiar with the genre may not find it quite so remarkable, it remains a gripping romantic epic with memorable characters, interesting themes and visual beauty to spare. It's also a great introduction to cinema outside the English language or the Hollywood sphere of influence, and essential viewing for anyone interested in martial arts.

                   Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a film that combines beautiful cinematography, romance, and tons of great action sequences. I haven't watched a whole lot of martial arts, or wuxia, films, but Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon makes me want to watch more films in the genre. Plus, I just started taking Tae Kwon Do classes so I guess that can be considered a requirement.

The plot follows two warriors, Master Li Mu Bai and Yu Shu Lien, who must retrieve the legendary sword, Green Destiny, from the clutches of the notorious thief, Jade Fox. The warriors soon cross paths with Jen Yu, the teenage daughter of a nobleman with a secret. Jen soon finds the warrior in herself and teams up with the two warriors to get the Green Destiny back. There is also a subplot that explores Jen Yu's love life. 

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a well crafted film. It does a good job developing the characters and story and is loaded with eye candy. The stuntwork in this films is incredible and the performances in the cast are great. It's a very stylistic film that includes a lot of substance and the two work out perfectly.

When I sometimes think about martial arts movies, I get images in my head of a clichéd sensei or master giving wise zen quotes. The film avoids that and focuses more on the story than the martial arts. That's how I interpret the movie. This is a film that people interpret differently due to the ending. Trust me. Those final seconds of the movie are going to stick with you. The script is also fine. I love the dialogue during the romantic subplot. When Jen gets her freak on, they give her some pretty sassy dialogue.

The performances in this movie are excellent. There is not one bad actor in this film. I watched the original Madarin dub. I saw a bit of the English dub and wasn't totally impressed. It dumbed down the acting in my opinion. While I enjoyed Michelle Yeoh and thought Chow Yun Fat was awesome, major kudos go to Zhang Ziyi as Jen. This movie kicked off her career. The only other thing I saw her in was Rush Hour 2 but she's been in many other Asian films after this. Anyways, I just loved her as an actress and also as a crush. She starts off as a curious teen and then becomes a great warrior. I'm a sucker for cat fights and she engages in one of the best in cinematic history.

Also, the cinematography is exceptional. The landscapes are beautiful. It left me speechless and that's all I can say about it. The pacing started to bug me a little in the begining but toward the climax, it works very well. The romance suplot feels like an entirely different movie. It is also well developed throughout and makes an impact on the glouriously filmed final scene. Zhang Ziyi's chemistry with Chen Chang is perfect.

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a spectacular film with breathtaking cinematography, memorable performances, a thrilling plot, a great romance, and has amazing action sequences. I need to explore more Wuxia films like Bruce Lee's Enter the Dragon or Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai. Regarding Seven Samurai, I have an urge to see it but what seems to put me off is it's run time. I'll have to give it a try since it's a widely praised film. If you haven't seen Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, get to it. You will be entralled by this epic. 

Thanks for reading my first review of 2012!

"Now give yourself up and find yourself again."

                   For this film, Ang Lee decided to put his career of making Western period epics on hold and instead make a far Eastern histprically based period epic. That's totally cool by me. The story here is a action packed but also romantic epic concerning several plotlines of love and vengeance all connected in some way to a very special (downright sacred) sword known as the Green Destiny.  

The film is widely known for its stunning visuals and expertly choreographed and executed fight scenes and wire work. I'm kinda on the fence about wire-fu, and like a more realistic type of fight scene, but as longs as it actually serves the story and isn't there solely for the sake of style and flashiness, then I'm totally cool with it. Thankfully, that is the case here, and the gravity bending moves don't actually feel out of place in an otherwise realistic film. This works becuase the way the characters are constructed: we believe their incredible feats to be true because of their supposed mastery of fighting, and also with how the materia lis handled.

This film isn't all just cool action and beautiful cinematography though. There's a real story here, filled with substance and deth, and great themes like gender roles and dealing with societal constraints and the effects they can have. Plus, the two main romances are both really good and nicely contrast one another, and everything going on really comes alive thanks to the terrific performances of the cast. The veteran leads are excellent, but their younger co-star Zhang Ziyi really steals the show here in a flawless performance that really got her career off the ground. 

All in all, this is some really tremendous stuff. It was nominated for a ton of Oscars, and ended up (deservedly) winning 4 of them (best original score, best cinematography, best art direction, and best foreign language film). Too bad it couldn't also have walked away with the awards for picture and director as well. Regardless of all that, you should definitely give this one a watch.
