Time File Created:Fri May 12 19:01:18 2017
Movie Title: TMNT
Score: 34
Introduction:
    The stars have aligned in an ominous sign, and as a legion of malevolent monsters descends upon New York City to wage war against humanity, the only thing that stands between humankind and certain destruction are four wisecracking turtles with a flair for martial arts and a hearty appetite for pizza. Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird's "heroes in a half-shell" return to defend the world against an interstellar threat that comes just once every 3,000 years in a computer-animated action comedy that marked the final film role of Japanese screen legend Mako -- here providing the voice of the eternally wise Master Splinter. Buffy the Vampire Slayer star Sarah Michelle Gellar lends her voice to the role of the turtles' technical-services worker, April; Fantastic Four's Chris Evans assumes the role of hockey-loving crimefighter Casey Jones; Memoirs of a Geisha star Zhang Ziyi steps in as villainous Foot Ninjas leader Karai; and Star Trek: The Next Generation captain Patrick Stewart voices malevolent tech industrialist Max Winters -- a mortal man whose hunger for profit and power may spell doom for all humanity. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
Genre: Action & Adventure Animation Science Fiction & Fantasy 
Director: Kevin Munroe
Movie Title: Purple Butterfly (Zi hudie)
Score: 45
Introduction:
    Directed by Lou Ye, Zi Hudie revolves around the underground faction of anti-Nipponese fighters in 1930s Shanghai, just prior to the onset of the Sino-Japanese war. It's only the beginning when Cynthia (Zhang Ziyi), a young Chinese woman, learns the news of her lover Itami's (Toru Nakamura) rapidly approaching return to the military. In a second and even more devastating blow, Cynthia's brother, a contributor to an anti-Japanese newspaper, is killed by a Japanese activist. Three years later, switchboard operator Tang Yiling (Li Bingbing) and Situ (Liu Ye), her fiancé, are introduced to Cynthia after inadvertently heading into a protest held by a resistance group code-named Purple Butterfly, of which Cynthia (who has since changed her name to Ding Hui) has become a part. Ultimately, a botched assassination attempt leaves Situ with a mysterious briefcase; now a suspect himself, Situ is arrested by none other than Itami, who, after reuniting with his old flame, has no idea of her role in a complicit plan to have his boss (Kin Ei) assassinated.
Genre: Art House & International Drama 
Director: 771432469
Movie Title: Zu Warriors
Score: 20
Introduction:
    Directed by Tsui Hark, The Legend of Zu is an adaptation of the 64-volume epic novel of the same name, and follows several warriors training in the mysterious Zu mountains. Somehow, the powers of the mountain are absorbed by the warriors and subsequently used to help combat the evil forces threatening the world's safety. When the mountains are invaded by a creature known only as the Blood Demon, the warriors must pool their skills in order to preserve humankind. The film features Louis Koo, Kelly Lin, Zhang Ziyi, Ekin Cheng, Sammo Hung, and Cecilia Cheung.
Genre: Art House & International Science Fiction & Fantasy 
Director: Tsui Hark
Movie Title: The Horsemen
Score: 33
Introduction:
    Emotionally distanced form his two young sons following the untimely death of his devoted wife, a troubled detective investigates a series of murders that seem to be based on the Biblical prophecies concerning the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse in a dark psychological thriller starring Dennis Quaid and Zhang Ziyi. Patrick Fugit, Clifton Collins Jr., and Peter Stormare co-star in a film by Spun director Jonas Åckerlund and Doom screenwriter Dave Callaham.
Genre: Drama Horror Mystery & Suspense 
Director: Jonas-Akerlund
Movie Title: Rush Hour 2
Score: 52
Introduction:
    A surprise box-office smash spawns this inevitably action-packed buddy comedy follow-up that reunites director Brett Ratner with stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker. Chan is Chief Inspector Lee of the Royal Hong Kong Police, who travels back to China with his American colleague, Los Angeles detective James Carter (Tucker). The men intend to take some vacation time but are quickly pulled into the case of two murdered U.S. customs agents, who were investigating an illegal counterfeiting scam involving Ricky Tan (John Lone), one of the most powerful Triad gangsters in Asia and an old enemy of Lee's. Lee and Carter are soon embroiled in a dangerous mystery that also involves a sexy secret-service agent (Roselyn Sanchez), a billionaire hotel owner (Alan King), a dangerous femme fatale (Zhang Ziyi) and a finale set in a lavish Las Vegas casino. ~ Karl Williams, Rovi
Genre: Action & Adventure Comedy 
Director: Brett Ratner
Movie Title: The Wasted Times (Luomandike Xiaowang Shi)
Score: 20
Introduction:
    Set against a chaotic, war torn Shanghai, "The Wasted Times" follows a local crime boss at the receiving end of the Japanese army's attempt to forge a dubious alliance. Spanning three separate times during the period, the story details mindsets from various perspectives, all culminating in a suspenseful and tense finale.
Genre: Art House & International Drama Mystery & Suspense Romance 
Director: Cheng Er
Movie Title: Memoirs of a Geisha
Score: 35
Introduction:
    In the years before World War II, a Japanese child is torn from her penniless family to work as a maid in a geisha house. Despite a treacherous rival who nearly breaks her spirit, the girl blossoms into the legendary geisha Sayuri. Beautiful and accomplished, Sayuri captivates the most powerful men of her day, but is haunted by her secret love for the one man who is out of her reach.
Genre: Drama Romance 
Director: Rob Marshall
Movie Title: My Lucky Star
Score: 50
Introduction:
    Directed by American helmer Dennie Gordon and produced by Ming Beaver Kwei, Second Chan, William Cheng, Ling Lucas and Zhang, the film is set for a limited release across the U.S. and Canada in major metro areas, including Boston, Chicago, Honolulu, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto, Vancouver, and the Washington, D.C., area, with specific locations to be announced. (c) China Lion
Genre: Action & Adventure 
Director: Dennie Gordon
Movie Title: Ye yan (Legend of the Black Scorpion) (The Banquet)
Score: 36
Introduction:
    A World Without Thieves director Feng Xiaogang shifts his focus from modern-day con artists to tenth century intrigue with this tale of internal turmoil in the age of Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms starring Zhang Ziyi, Daniel Wu, and Ge You. Her empire on the verge of a massive revolution as storms begin to brew both within the royal court as well as in the outlying kingdoms, the entrancing Empress Wan (Zhang) gazes upon her stepson, Prince Wu Luan (Wu), with the eyes of a forbidden lover rather than a caring mother. When the emperor dies an unexpected death and his younger brother Li (Ge) ascends to the throne, Empress Wan marries the newly appointed sovereign as a means of both protecting her beloved Wu Luan and cementing her position within the royal court. When assassins dispatched by Emperor Li fail in their attempt to silence Wu Luan and his majesty subsequently announces a lavish banquet, Empress Wan and Wu Luan realize that the time has finally come for them to take action against the murderous despot. The film demonstrates tremendous influence by Shakespearean plays, specifically +Hamlet and +Macbeth.
Genre: Action & Adventure Drama 
Director: Feng Xiaogang
