The Wasted Times (Luomandike Xiaowang Shi)
My Lucky Star
The Horsemen

                   It's not that Horsemen is a bad movie. The premise is actually pretty intriguing. But it's executed in such a bland and generic fashion that it's really hard to care about anything that's happening. Not to mention the faux Silence of the Lambs jail scenes with Dennis Quaid and Zhang Ziyi would benefit from subtitles whenever the latter speaks.

                   Decent enough thriller, but not really going to break any boundaries.  Is a little reminiscent of seven.

                   Come and See.

Great Thriller! This movie lived up to my expectations in all the important ways. My curiosity was jump started in the first scene, and the somber, introspective mood of the story line, spiked with horrific scenarios and sickening plot twists, was exactly what I hoped. The final twist was too easily guessed, of course, but it didn't take away from the finale, a powerfully emotional scene portrayed very convincingly by Dennis Quaid, who brought his usual energy and charisma to the role. If you're looking for a quality suspense thriller, this one is well worth your while! 

Aidan Breslin is a bitter detective emotionally distanced from his two young sons following the untimely death of his devoted wife. While investigating a series of murders of rare violence, he discovers a terrifying link between a chain of murders and the Biblical prophecies concerning the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse: War, Famine, Pestilence, and Death.

                   I was shocked at how good this film actually was. There are cringe worthy parts, of course, where you wonder what they were thinking when they came up with some of the plot, but for the most part this film was very, very good. At first it looks like a horror movie, plain and out for cheap thrills, but as the minutes peel away and more of the inner workings of the characters is revealed it brings up a lot of important issues that many parents have with the internet and the things it allows their children to concoct. Ultimaley it is heartbreaking and will leave you in shock (atleast it did with me) but is a good all rounder, providing adequate gasping and gross out points, with a beautifully constructed subplot for those who seek more of an intellectual undertone to their late night flicks.
TMNT

                   The first fully CGI animated movie for the Turtles after three live action films. I think officially this is suppose to be set after the original film but could easily be a stand alone chapter in the Turtles universe. This whole production is completely different from the previous films, obviously a whole new approach but voice work is all new too, no one from the older films makes a return here.

In all honesty this movie is somewhat lacking and merely comes across as a Saturday cartoon series that has been stuck together. It never really feels like a proper movie and the lame plot doesn't really help. Its all to do with trying to conquer the world with monsters from another dimension by a group of elite warriors from 3000 years prior that had been turned to stone. Their immortal leader wants to stop them and break the curse that makes him and his warriors immortal. On and along the way the Foot Clan join forces with the Turtles.

It all kicks off well enough, the initial sequence of all four Turtles bounding across the rooftops at night  is excellent and really gets you in the mood for some Turtle goodness. That is the kind of visual sequence which wets your appetite for this classic franchise and they captured it perfectly but briefly. The Turtles look agile, firm and well rounded (a good weight to them), they do also have a slight darkness to them, they haven't been totally watered down. Myself I would have preferred them to be much meaner looking but we all knew that wasn't gonna happen.

The only thing I noticed was the shape of the Turtles heads seemed a bit squashed. This made their upper lip/snout stick out a bit too far if you ask me, gave their heads a motorcycle helmet type shape. The other thing I didn't like was the guy voicing Leo, hated that voice, just sounds like some pretty boy pop idol voice, there's nothing quirky about it, no character.

Another problem I have is the fact the Turtles look good but everybody else doesn't. All the human characters just look like cartoons, the old Saturday morning cartoon issue again. Splinter looks reasonable but maybe too weak looking? none of the other characters really seem to have the right weight to them like the four main stars, this shatters the grown up approach to the film, any sense of graphic novel realism.

The same can be said for the CGI in general, backgrounds, cityscape's, vehicles, buildings etc...one minute the movie looks quite dark and brooding, touching on that graphic novel style we all wanna see. The next minute it looks like a damn cartoon! its as though the animators have been reined in, stopped from getting too carried away with creating an adult Turtles film which they know we all really wanna see lets be honest.

Add to that the plot feels more like something that would suit Hellboy rather than the Turtles. The flashback sequence explaining the ancient warriors is a great little moment but it just doesn't fit this franchise if you ask me. The monsters also look like creations from a Hellboy movie, nice designs I might add. This is the problem for the Turtles franchise, you can't have them constantly fighting Shredder yet they don't really have anyone else to battle who is popular or well known.

The best part of the film is easily the sequence where Leo fights Raph on the rooftops in the rain. This one sequence shows exactly what can be achieved and what everybody wanted to see, more grit. Not only did this sequence look awesome but it gave us a hint of proper characterization, something to get your teeth into, had it been aimed toward adults it would have been even better. There comes a time when you know the Turtles need to swear...and it would be bitchin'.

Looking back at this its disappointing, its not like I didn't expect it to be for kids, saw it coming a mile away, but its still such a shame. This movie clearly shows us glimpses of how cool a dark adult animated Turtles flick could be, the evidence is there to be seen, if only they could be true to a franchise.

                   "TMNT" reignites the teenage mutant ninja turtles not in the way that some may have wanted, but in a way that true fans of the characters and a good story can respect. This film is comparable to the original film in many ways, and by the end you feel refreshed after going through the dreaded live-action sequels that are globally hated. This film splits up the characters as if they have grown apart and watching them come together as a team to fight evil once again was fun to watch and being an animated film allowed them to go all out anf I really liked that/ "TMNT" is not great by any means, but it brings the characters back to their roots and their personalities are represented perfectly. Still, the plot is simple, the dialgue is obvious, and you know the outcome, but this is a fun watch!

                   A lot of movies now a days have to make sense. Did classic science fiction/action films like Invasion of the Body Snatchers and Godzilla have to make sense to be good? No they didn't. TMNT ultimately stays faithful to its predecessor's with the same witty humour and signature character personalities. Plus a stunning technological update with a unique animation style, absolutely amazing voice acting and gripping, entertaining and scary dark overtones.

                   Not bad, my daughter loves it and way better than the live action versions. The CGI in this is just awesome. Especially on blu ray.
Ye yan (Legend of the Black Scorpion) (The Banquet)

                   The crown prince of a 10th century Chinese kingdom is summoned back to court when his father is assassinated and usurped by his uncle. Yet another Crouching Tiger wannabe starring the ubiquitous Zhang Ziyi, The Banquet is in fact a loose adaptation of Hamlet. I must admit to fearing the worst for the opening half of this film as it seemed to contain many of the same mistakes the very similar Curse Of The Golden Flower made in that it seemed to concentrate far more on overblown and superfluous set pieces and elaborate costumes than its plot and characters. Fortunately once the prince reaches the palace the story gets a kick start and the schemes and machinations of the various factions make for a much more interesting watch. It was nice to see Zhang Ziyi in a meatier role than the innocent porcelain doll she always seems to play and the supporting cast bring presence to their roles although it is often difficult to connect with any of them on an emotional level. It looks glorious, which is pretty much par for the course for this kind of thing and despite some pacing issues with the first half is a pretty decent stab at Oriental Shakespearian tragedy. Much better than the aforementioned Golden Flower, but obviously not in the same league as Kurosawa's forays into Bard territory.

                   Xiaogang Feng creates a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's 

                   Outstanding Movie, A Romeo &amp; Jullet / Hamlet Story in Asian Theme, love the way people just float thur the air when fighting, much better then the ole school Kung Fu Movies (trash Can Lids). Rent or Buy you will not be sorry.

                   This movie is one hell of a masterpiece! Anyone who has a passion for theater arts would surely love this! 
Note: Get a copy with proper subtitles!!
Memoirs of a Geisha

                   The visuals and technical aspects are indeed splendid; but the flawed narrative, though enjoyable to follow during most of the time, seems like a cheap soap-opera that even comes up with a ridiculous revelation in a pathetic, melodramatic last half-hour.

                   Taking on an immense time period and a form of culture that has never been appropriately touched upon, this film does a lot with the book it's based on, creates a wonderful tapestry of history, culture, and most importantly, shows women as commodities. The story begins with a poor little girl in China, who is sold, along with her sister, to a geisha house in a metropolis. She is disconnected with her family, eventually becomes orphaned, and has to move through societal traverses in order to become a geisha, all just so she can survive. The story is not all about her struggles as a woman in a territorial society. The geisha, Sayuri, is also in love with a Chairman whom she met while in her struggles. She is peaceable, quiet, and contemplative at all times, and though she doesn't grow up as a geisha, she acts the part at all times. Zhang Ziyi's performance as Sayuri speaks on the quietness of women in 1920s China, about the art form that exemplified being a geisha, and the taciturn power women held when they used their sexuality as a form of power. There are struggles for power between geisha houses and the women try to gain agency and yet let themselves slip into oblivion time and again and yet feel like they're climbing the social ladder. While Sayuri simply tries to stay in the game in order to win affection and finally be loved, others remotely care about their future as a possible Madame and their link to a future of exploitation. The geisha culture itself is not always explained in the full way it was in the book, and some of that translation is left to be interpreted through intense cinematography, immense sets, period clothing, and the performances from actresses Gong Li, Michelle Yeoh, and Youki Kudoh. It feels and looks as Japanese as a Western audience can expect, but most of the time it felt belabored, longwinded, and far too Hollywood. A Japanese adaptation would have been more powerful, daring, and ultimately may have accomplished what this film lacked. There wasn't much that is learned about what it is to be a geisha from this film except several parlor tricks. As a film that represents history, many of the customs and elaborations weren't correct, and it relied on baseless events in order to drag the film an extra forty minutes in screen-time that it didn't need. The ending was predictable from almost the beginning of the film, but I enjoyed the sappiness of a good love story. Though the film was criticized for using Chinese actresses for Japanese parts, the performances themselves were interesting, especially Gong Li's. The story though is ultimately tried and true, and though this Americanized, saturated version isn't what I expected, it does do what the audience really wants.

                   Gorgeous movie.

                   Having read the book, I found that the film version of Memoirs of a Geisha was a near flawless film with an incredible story. This film is the perfect example of a love story done right. I felt that the characters truly felt something for each other and the chemistry between Ken Wantanabe and Ziyi Zhang was believable. Unlike most romance films, you feel that emotions between the two characters are real and don't feel corny. Memoirs of a Geisha is a terrific, well acted film. Probably the only weak point of the film is the casting of two Chinese actresses in the role of the leads, Michelle Yeoh and Ziyi Zhang. I thought that this film should have had an all Japanese cast, but unfortunately, it didn't. Despite this small flaw, Memoirs of a Geisha is a stunning film that is beautifully acted, directed and told. Not only that, but the film looks stunning. A beautiful film that I believe is one of the best Romance films of the last ten years. This is better than most romance films in my opinion because I felt the characters in the film had genuine emotions going on. This is a near flawless picture that will stay with you long after you've seen it. Rob Marshall has crafted a beautiful film that has incredible performances and this is overall a solid piece of film.
Purple Butterfly (Zi hudie)



                   Well this movie certaily was confusing.  The first line is spoken almost 7 minutes into the movie.  I thought that was nice but if this movie wasn't so confusing I didn't even know what I was watching.  It probably must have been cause my famliy members were around and they were talking so I rarely payed attention to this movie.  Even if I had payed my full attention to the movie I probably wouldn't have understood any of it.  It's still a decent movie with some nice shooting.  I like how the guns shooting sounded cause the guns sounded like they would if it were the 1930's.  It's a small little detail, but I liked it.  Other than the gun sounds, nothing much was that interesting out of this movie.  It's a shame it had the potential to be great.  It certainly isn't the worst Asian movie I've seen, you should see Tokyo Psycho (absolutely terrible).  Just watch this movie if you like nice visuals and nice sounds.  Other than that you won't miss anything if you don't watch this movie.

                   [font=Century Gothic][color=indigo][font=Century Gothic]Absolutely incoherent film about Chinese resistance to the Japanese invasion of Manchuria and Shanghai in 1927 and 1931. Now, that's the part that I understood. Anything involving specific characters, or more precisely who was shooting at whom while at the same time carrying on love affairs with people on the other side completely escaped me. [/font][/color][/font]
Zu Warriors

                   Absolutely awesome.... Although this movie is old, the visuals are stunning! I don't know why they didn't consider this bunch of film makers for the Dragonball Evolution movie?? Makes Dragonball evolution look like crap!!!!

                   Tsui Hark's 

                   I still like this special effects laden remake over the original.

                   Confusing but fun eye candy.
Rush Hour 2

                   Brett Ratner keeps the action and comedy coming at rapid fire pace in 

                   Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker have great chemistry, using their differences to their advantage. A good movie if your looking for just comedy.

                   Ahh, the classic sequel-syndrome. "Rush Hour 2" was not as good as the first. It doesn't improve in the action, story, or comedy but it tries too hard to be more grand. The production values is upped a bit but the direction, editing, and camera shots are still too elementary. Still a fun time though.

                   The best out of the three hands down. This film has a really well thought out story line, and great comedy from Tucker and Chan. It packs a punch.
